Now let's update the style of this form input.
In bootstrap for the validation.
There is a style.
So here in this validation section under the forms, if you if you check this one after submitting the
form, you see like the invalid inputs are having this red border and the validation error is seen like
this.
So let's apply the same style to our input as well.
So for this one, we are going to use the.
Is the invalid clause for the input and for the message part.
We are going to use the clause of invalid feedback.
So if I save at this point and if I type anything here, as you can see, the the input has the red
border and the text for the the validation error is seen in red.
So this is how it's going to be visible in the end.
But this style will be applied dynamically.
So if there is a validation error, then we will see the colour change and the text will be like this.
But for the valid cases this is not going to be the style won't be like this, so it's just going to
be going with the default like this one.
So we will be having only for this is invalid part is going to be conditional and for this one we have
two options and one of them is like this we can go with the IMG class directive and basically this is
looking for a statement which is returning the the class it's going to be assigned and we can use it
to an operator here and we can say if there is this username error, then it's going to be returning.
This is in valid, otherwise it's just going to be returning this empty.
So if there is username error, then other than this clause form control, this is invalid will be assigned
as well.
So let's save this to see how it's working.
So here in username, focusing it and typing something and here we see the validation error is visible
and we can do the same thing with different approach as well.
Like here, instead of this in class, Engler has this class binding and we can do like this class.
And the class name is is is invalid.
So we can dynamically assign.
This is invalid when.
This username error is true.
So if this is true, then this is going to be added to the class list of this component.
Otherwise it's not going to better.
So just removing this one and saving it.
Let's try it.
Typing in the gun.
Here we see the style is applied.
So either is fine, but I will go with the class approach so I'm just undoing the things with the class
is invalid part and saving it.